feat: Bootstrap webhook/component/integration/performance tests (#225)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: scheduler/test/e2e/DEVELOPER.md

# E2E tests

> This test suite can run test verifying the scheduler, this rely on a real cluster with installed scheduler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test suite can run tests to verify the scheduler. The tests rely on a real cluster with the installed scheduler being present.
```
